[MAUI] Add Maui Documentation (#37297)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/setup/maui.mdoc.md

public static MauiApp CreateMauiApp()
{
    var builder = MauiApp.CreateBuilder();
    builder.UseMauiApp<App>();

    DdSdk.Initialize(new DdSdkConfiguration
    {
        ClientToken = "<CLIENT_TOKEN>",
        Environment = "<ENV_NAME>",
        TrackingConsent = TrackingConsent.Granted,
        // ...
    });

    return builder.Build();
}

public partial class MainPage : ContentPage
{
    public MainPage()
    {
        InitializeComponent();

        DdLogs.Enable();
        DdTrace.Enable();
        DdRum.Enable(new DdRumConfiguration { ApplicationId = "<APPLICATION_ID>" });
    }
}
```

#### File-based configuration

You can also load the SDK configuration from a JSON file at runtime:

```json
{
  "ClientToken": "<CLIENT_TOKEN>",
  "Environment": "<ENV_NAME>",
  "Site": "Us1",
  "Service": "<SERVICE_NAME>",
  "TrackingConsent": "Granted",
  "FirstPartyHosts": [
    { "Match": "api.example.com", "HeaderTypes": ["Datadog", "TraceContext"] }
  ]
}
```

```csharp
string json = File.ReadAllText("appsettings.json");
var config = FileBasedConfiguration.ParseJsonConfig(json);
DdSdk.Initialize(config);
```
{% /step %}

{% step title="Sample RUM sessions" %}

> To control the data your application sends to Datadog RUM, you can specify a sample rate for RUM sessions when [initializing the RUM feature][4]. The rate is a percentage between 0 and 100. By default, `SessionSampleRate` is set to `100.0` (keep all sessions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control the data your application sends to Datadog RUM, you can specify a sample rate for RUM sessions during initialization. The rate is a percentage between 0 and 100. By default, `SessionSampleRate` is set to `100.0` (keep all sessions).
```

Reviewer: suggesting to remove the link because user will already be on the setup page
